Here we are already at our functional design meeting. I'm project manager but on the meetings I'm also the secretary,. which means I will make minutes. if I'm right, there are three presentations,. And we will also take a look at new project requirements, if you haven't heard about them yet. well I don't know who wants to go first with his presentation.
I'll go first. Okay. I'll go first yeah. I wanted to explain the working design of the remote control. when you press a button, that's when you do pr for example when you want to turn up the volume, a little connection is made. on a little print plate. the the chip makes a Morse code like signal. which then is si signalled to several transistors. And that makes the the infra-red lights signal. which is sent to the television set. the findings that I found searching up some detailed information about the remote controls, are that they are very easy to produce,. it's possible to make them in mass production. and the technology's already available,. I made a little animation of about how a tran our remote controller works. the sub-component, I suppose that you understand what a sub-component is, is in this example it's the button. when it is pressed down,, the switch is ter is is switched on,. so with the wire is sent to the to the chip in co-operation with the battery of course,. I wrote down some personal preferences about the remote control. Of course it is very handy if the remote control is hand held,. I personally pref prefer that it would be come available in the various colours, and easy to use buttons. Perhaps soft touch, touch screen buttons. because the rubber buttons are always they slightly they can be slightly damaged,. so the numbers on the buttons are not possible to read anymore. And well as I said before th we can make several designs.
And I looked at technical functions design of the remote. I did this by looking at examples of other remote controls, of how they they look, and information from the web that I found. well what I found was that th the actual use of the remote control is to send messages to television set,. adjust volume, that kind of thing. There are some examples of remote controls. You can see they are very different. The one has got all the functions that you could possibly need and an lot of buttons etcetera. And the other is more user friendly, little with big buttons. I guess you could better you should look at a a user centred approach,. A lot of buttons they may think from I don't need as much as that. personal preferences is is a simple remote, with the basic functions that you can need that you could use. And then make it I would make so that you can could use it on more than one appliance. If you have one that does with the vi the the video, it could also work with with the stereo,. you could reuse the buttons. And it should be a user friendly, clear buttons, and not too much.
We're going to discuss the functional requirements of the remote,. that means that functions user want to have on the remote control,. The methods I I prefer is we're going to look which section of the users we are going to focus a on more. Younger people, from sixteen to thir forty five years are more interested in fj features like LCD screens, speech recognition etcetera. And we possess about two third of the market from in that range of age. The elderly people, from forty five years to sixty five years are not that much interested in features,. and we possess less than two third, that's two fifth, of the market share in that area. Fifty percent of the users lose their remote often. So we don't have to make it very small, like like a mobile phone or something,. Seventy five percent of the users also find it ugly,. and fif seventy five of the users zap a lot,. so the buttons sh should be that small,. or shouldn't be that complex. Remote control has to have to have a low power usage,. because w seventy five percent of the users only zap one time an hour,. The volume button and the channel buttons are the two most important buttons on the remote control,. so those they those have to be find very easily. Buttons. Like what all colleagues said, have to have to be minimalized. or in LCD screen. because we have the LCD screen, we have the various options. but an LCD screen, the problem with the sc LCD screen is that elderly people fr from forty five to for sixty five years don't use the LCD screen a lot. So we have to that keep that in mind that if you're going to implement LCD screen, you don't have to make it that hard to learn or to use. The last but not least, younger people are more critical about the features. Because they use the remote control often more often,. and are more technical than the ol older people. And the older people spend more money, and easily on a remote control. So we have to keep in mind to to focus not a lot not that much on the younger pep younger people,. but also somewhat on the elderly people. but like I said, LCD screen is easily to use. And it should be easy to use. Especially the volume buttons, the channel buttes buttons and the number buttons to zap through the channels.
I dunno did everyone receive an email with the new project requirements? then I think it's a good thing that I made a separate slide of them. teletext does has become outdated since the popularity of the internet. So that's the first thing we I think we should pay less attention to teletext. the remote control should only be used for the television,. otherwise the project becomes more complex,. our current customers are within the age group of forty plus,. and new product should reach a new market with customers that are younger than forty,. And a last point, but also very important, our corporate image should stay recognisable in our products,. which means that our corporate colour and slogan must be implemented in the new design. according to our agenda it's then time to take a decision on the remote control functions.
You said it should only work with one appliance?
Yeah. Only be used for television.
Then it should have on, off,
The basics then by a volume, channel, one till two zero numbers on it,
A button where you can change from one number to two numbers.
I think it's easy to implement a button with a s what which especially do that,. because some T_V_s, if you press the one and then the two, it be between five secs it make twelve,. and that's that's not relaxed
But all the television makes use of those button where you first press that button and then press two digits to to get
New product should reach a market with customers that are younger than forty,
Younger people have now, sixteen till to twenty five age, are eighty one percent interested in LCD screen.
But I think that that collides with our mission to make it very cheap. A touch screen probably even more. perhaps we should we should focus on that LCD screen.
You don't know how much it costs, the LCD screen. I don't have any costs here,
But if you would do an LCD screen do we have don don't you have any buttons?
For example if you wanted the minimal use buttons, such as channel and volume, you just displays four buttons on the screen. and it's possible to press them down, just like a touch screen.
We're going for an LCD screen?
I think it's the most easier thing,
But he also said that we should not only focus on the younger people,. but also on the older,. and will they use it if it only has an LCD screen?
But our our our what's it, project requirements are the new products should be reached for new markets, to customers that are younger than forty. but market share fro for for forty years and younger is higher than that of sixty five and younger. if it costs gets too much, too expensive, then yeah, we should be sticking to rubber buttons.
I think that that they will send you some information about the cost of LCD screens. if you you receive an email about that, can you post it in the
But for now it's LCD. Okay.
It'll look fancy with LCD screen. Yeah.
They think it's ugly. When it has an LCD screen.
Only thing you have to do is wipe the screen off once each time, to get all the fingerprints off it.
What else does our remote need?
A mute button.
The most important things on a on an on an remote control are channel selection, volume con selection,. and power power usage. And a teletext, but that is not of the question.
But shouldn't you put a button of for teletext on the for the people who want to use it?
And we could make an a a separate menu on the LCD screen for teletext.
And other other less important things are screen settings, audio settings, and channel settings,
They are less important,. but I think they should be there,
But in a sub sub-menu or something like that. I think it's also important to make it possible to how do you call it in English,, to not use batteries,
Power supply is one of the most important things.
Perhaps you should be able to to switch the control off. If you have an LCD screen that's burns all the time I dunno.
Because I don't think people will like it who who that you have to turn it on first and then use it,. so I think it's better when th the TV shuts down, the remote shuts down.
And go to standby mode when you don't use it,
And maybe a low battery indicator? On the screen.
Of put it in a recharger. Charger.
So we are going for the for the recharger.
I think the batteries should should should work a lot longer than a couple of days,
It should be a standard move to to put your remote control in the charger when you're done watching television,. that's also a a a great advantage. because you can't lose it anymore.
But then you also have to have somewhere where you can put a remo recharger near your couch. because otherwise you have to walk a long way when you twoft want to turn on the TV.
Just a cable, or a even a a a a a charger where you can mount it on. Something like that,. Functional designs for the elderly you could make it possible to enlarge the screen,. so make it possible to not display a button at ten points
I think that this should be standard. Large button large buttons.
And you said something about speech recognition?
Twelve fifty, twelve fifty.
Also ninety one percent sixteen to twenty five, twenty six to thirty five years, seventy six percent, and thirty six to forty five, thirty five percent.
I know let's do a speech. But they want to talk into the remo remote control, or something,
I think an LCD screen should be suf sufficient.
But when you look at the percentages. but nobody knows how much it will cost.
I think I think it's better to have LCD screen,
But would it be useful to imple implement both?
Yeah, if the costs al allow it.
But how would you like to implement that,. that you say volume up, and then it goes up,
Certain systems already exist, I think.
Then you also have to have different languages if we go international.
But that should also be with should be also with LCD screen.
You can use icons
It should be done. If it could be done, should be done.
So we only do this when we have enough money left. I've written down an an on or off button, volume selection, channel selection, the digits from one to zero, huh. or from zero to nine. a digits button to switch between one and two digits, mute button, a separate menu for teletext, a battery indicator. And the possibility to enlarge buttons or to have large buttons
You also now have colours.
We could also implement a audio settings, screen settings and channel settings, but as sub-menus.
So not too much teletext support, but in a separate menu,. Aren't we forgetting something very important?
We could check the other remote controls with technical functions. wide screen, high screen, different things you have,. it should be available, but then in separate screen settings or something. Or it could be possible to have a a standard version of the remote, an expanded version.
And the buttons, should they have colours?
Colours I think the main colour of the remote control is the colour of the LCD screen.
Perhaps you can make adjustable fronts, like with the telephones.
Make it available in different colours, you mean?
Signal for las final five minutes. we're having a a general menu with the most used functions, teletext, screen settings, audio settings, channel settings,
Or do we have any buttons? On the remote.
You only have channel button or volume button.
But that's also in the LCD,. So we don't have any normal buttons
Maybe only the on and on and off button.
But isn't idea to use what you said, normal on and off button for the TV,. But a not as normal button, in the LCD,
Maybe there should be a separate button apart from the LCD,. There has to be a on button on the remote,
You just tap I think.
Because when you touch the LCD screen when it is in standby mode, it should pop on.
I guess if you use the LCD screen, you first have to search where is the on button,. But if you have a normal on button on the on the remote, then you do the on,
I think it looks a lot more fancy if you use if you don't have any buttons on the on on remote control.
So actually we're going to create a a button-less remote. No buttons at all. that's might be a unique selling point, huh for a remote. postpone further discussion to our next meeting,. for now, we're having a lunch break,. and then there will be half an hour for the next share of individual work. I will write minutes, if I can create them out of this. And put them in the the project documents folder. And here are the individual actions for the for the other roles. And of course specific instructions will be sent to you again by your personal coach.